Allocation and ownership of rgILMapEntries (#14228)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/unmanaged-api/profiling/icorprofilerinfo-setilinstrumentedcodemap-method.md

  - A new offset of 20 or higher will be mapped to old offset 9.

> Before .NET Framework 4.0, `rgILMapEntries` array should have been allocated using the [CoTaskMemAlloc](/windows/desktop/api/combaseapi/nf-combaseapi-cotaskmemalloc) method and the profiler shouldn't have attempt to free this memory.

Reviewer: It may be better to say `In the .NET Framework version 2.0, ...` to match the style used in the rest of the profiler docs.

> Before .NET Framework 4.0, `rgILMapEntries` array should have been allocated using the [CoTaskMemAlloc](/windows/desktop/api/combaseapi/nf-combaseapi-cotaskmemalloc) method and the profiler shouldn't have attempt to free this memory.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the .NET Framework 3.5 and previous versions, you allocate the `rgILMapEntries` array by calling the [CoTaskMemAlloc](/windows/desktop/api/combaseapi/nf-combaseapi-cotaskmemalloc) method. Because the runtime takes ownership of this memory, the profiler should not attempt to free it.
```
